This kind of woman with a history of marriage, grandfathers wouldn't agree to two people being together.
I want to marry the kind of woman who needs his consent.
Tu Yen Promise Yen
He's married.
If it doesn't suit you, listen to your sister.
Isn't it good to find a young, clean girl?
I promise you are fine.
I don't want to hear anything from your mouth about him.
Not for example.
Listen to me.
I've only said it once today.
If someone dared to take the identity of the person who took the right words.
Don't blame me.
Do you understand?
I see, Yanca understands.
Be my woman.
Only I can bully you.
Hey, grandpa.
Rest early
Tonight.
You can stay.
Master, I know you have a new girlfriend.
I'll invite you home for dinner tomorrow.
Go ahead.